how's it going guys itch more from the
bomb squad today we were going to be
food playing infected for the first time
on my channel hey advanced warfare I'm
so so happy that I'm going to be playing
I'm going to be playing this with a
couple of my friends uh and oh we got
the EPM three wonderful just wonderful
I'm going to my camping ground I have a
bunch of people in the party your spine
just follow me bro Tommy it hopefully
I'm off the first infected ok we're not
the first infected let's just go over
here by a man this is the spot we're
going to be going in we're gonna throw
down some explosives drones just in keys
so me and my friend nam ladies go here
so we're just gonna I just throw on like
right there yeah I know we'll just hide
on this area so this is the area where I
normally go in here we need people out
here if you bought her I was trying to
tell them like that's where you should
go so many cigar there and Tony chegar
here I'm actually doing a really good
job for a start I normally don't even
make it this far but I mounted oh my god
you scared the crap an immediate
oh you're that good yeah minute cuz you
in it got him okay
all clear all clear so I just look did
you just kind of went on when i'm
recording I just got better when I'm
playing infected i just kind of like
helps me like communicator like i'll be
like it over here is over there there's
nothing like I just like to communicate
some way I know it sounds really weird
but I might kind of like a leader like
if we're doing something like I'm the
leader and I know where everything is
and there's an effective that's gonna be
coming in orbit he's going around he's
going around oh no what whoa oh god oh
god he killed someone this is not going
that well hopefully we can just get some
kills I mostly mostly infected is a lot
of camping so I'm trying not to make I'm
trying not to have that oh there's four
up there's not going in here watch out
again watch your backs we need a lot of
people watch this well well below will
go well well he's coming in
good dude watch I see the mini-map he's
coming in
whoa oh my god I got so scared when I'm
playing these games what what about whoa
well my friend got infected over this
no uh sup dude he's right there to find
out here we need someone to get this
stop shooting cum Leslie stop shooting
garbage statement he's coming in
oh he sees us David if he knows we're
here he knows we're here
guys we need help with the back nope no
no whatever it's ok I there's actually
going to be two of these uh there's
going to be two games in here just
because I don't want to have you I don't
want to have the ISIS shortest game ever
for the shortest video ever so do guys
they go for watching this first game and
i will see you all and then next one ok
guys we were in the second game of
infected i am very very happy to be even
you guys infected as i said before it is
a lot of fun I don't know what gum we're
gonna get the mk14 out of all guns we
get the mk14 just wonderful just
wonderful this is like the area that
we're gonna cook hold down ah my friends
already here so yeah all my friends are
already here so oh ya comistes she's got
infected here's a lost game
oh they're all kahile already come in
here oh please killing on chris call my
gun I don't have a very good trigger
finger he'll up watching that's my
trigger finger I'm not that good so if I
messed up so I my fault okay survivor
no one put mom but uh I closer John here
so I do it I don't know if this is true
but I heard infected in fact that
there's a way that you could collect up
through this into this cave I heard it's
only an infectious though so what are
you but all my friends infected yeah
that's not good what no
all right I just kill my friend Oh No
mella mella don't die mella mella mella
don't do this challenger oh my god oh oh
my god what just happened don't know and
I don't care actually do care because I
want to have my explosive drone blew
them up that's nothing stop it
challenger really I'm trying to record
video here no
no I'm shining on for the knife I'm
gonna affect my friend so badly what
mella mella would you go oh you got
infected okay where's the last guy
you might be over here
I don't know where he is like really up
you got him whatever son realize they go
for watching this video and yeah I just
thank you guys watching this video on
total I had a lot of fun playing
infected hopefully we can do infected
another time that would be so so much
fun anyway guys think about for watching
this video and I'll see you all in the
next video comment rate subscribe peace
with Sutra screeching